welcome back to the PBC Mastery podcast
everybody um we have a special guest for
you today uh Kirk Kirk Williams um we
spoke recently in the PBC Hub and we
thought hey why not bring him on the
show so um Kirk welcome um for those of
you those of you who don't know who Kirk
Williams is uh you're probably living
under a rock um but today I want to talk
to talk with him about his book
primarily stop the skill building a
digital agent see you actually like U
but he also did a t talk recently about
uh uh creating goals for your business
um that fit for you as a person and and
are are right for you um but anyway
before I take the words out of your
mouth Kirk that's what I want to talk to
you about today um but thanks thanks for
coming on and I'm super excited for uh
what we're going to be talking about
yeah absolutely like I was saying before
I I'll chat with you and Bob anytime so
yeah man glad to hear that so um yeah so
you did a you did a TED Talk recently um
and it's it's dropping I think by the
time since it's dropping soon by the
time that this is coming out it's
already out and we will link it in the
show notes um but I think the the the
topic that you spoke about you know
creating goals for your life setting
goals for your life that fit your
personality and your own personal
desires um I think that's really crucial
and I would love to hear you talk about
that because it it really triggered
something in me when when you um
explained it when we were talking in the
bpc hub um and it you know helped me
rethink certain decisions and and
redefine what I want to do in my life
and my business um and I also uh spoke
about it um with with friends and I have
a few friends that are kind of stuck in
their in their in their work in their
career um and um right after we did um
after we did did the interview with you
um you kind of triggered me to do a life
audit so to speak so I I just asked
myself questions like okay where am I
right now where do I want to go what
fits me uh what do I like what do I
dislike Etc and then I spoke to my
friends about that uh that I did that
and like oh man that's that's really
cool um so I would love to hear from you
because I think those things are really
impactful and sure we can talk about PPC
and tactics and strategies but I think
it's these types of things that help you
take a step back to re-evaluate
everything in your life that is the most
meaningful and impactful on the long
term for you as a person so I would to
hear from your perspective um what was
the T talk about and why did you decide
to do a t talk about that
topic yeah definitely so yeah it should
it should be dropping any any day now
actually so I'm I'm excited when it does
um so and and I I have to know it is Ted
X not Ted so there is a difference they
they they tell they tell us that we're
supposed to make sure to note that so
there you go I did my legal Duty that's
a disclaimer and noted that I did I did
the disclaimer right um yeah I mean so I
I spoke on success like business success
and
specifically specifically contrasting
what I have often seen is business
success which is often Revenue tied so
so like when you talk about success when
any when anyone talks about success I
love asking this online just like what
do you mean by successful right because
it's almost like there's this massive
assumption that everyone makes whenever
they're like you know there were 20
successful people over there and you're
like well like what does that even mean
right and almost every time I think even
without the speaker realizing it they
are talking something to do with money
like it is tied to wealth it is tied to
money and it's tied to revenue and
that's really interesting because like
you okay like well let's start pulling
on that threat like what it like how
much money like what what level of money
is successful because even even the
difference between if you are like let's
just say it's it's it's a monetary
number if you're successful in the
Philippines that looks very different
than if you're successful in Silicon
Valley right those two numbers just just
being able to to rent an apartment in a
place like Silicon Valley right um you
wouldn't be able to survive on the
successful income of someone in a
different country and all that stuff
right so even then there's just like to
me there's just like problems with that
even just at at a practical level but
overall um you start pulling on that
Revenue thread even more and you start
to see things like okay like like how
many people who have attained money and
sometimes like status is included in
there too so I tied that like wealth and
status and that okay so many people who
have attained that are actually like
content and happy and a lot of times
you'll see doses of happiness but but
certainly not all all the time and then
I so I quoted a few people like Jim
Carrey has is a kind of a famous quote
where he basically is like I wish
everyone could get rich and famous and
get everything they ever dream for so
they can see that's not the answer right
and and that's often why you do see like
highly depressed people who have
attained a lot and part of that is
because they've actually attained that
that material possession those material
possessions and realized like wow that
actually like there's something more
right so I think it was it was kind of
like like over years and years of kind
of thinking through all that stuff and
then starting my own business some of
that for me with starting my own
business and I I admit this is like I I
have no idea what I'm doing um I have a
little bit more idea now that I'm 12
years in but especially when I started
no idea what I'm doing right and so I
think that actually impacted the way I I
measure success because I just I I
didn't even know how I I didn't even
have a lot of those tools to know how to
attain just like significant growth
money growth sort of things so for me it
was almost like Clarity from day one of
like what am I trying to do I'm I'm just
not trying to get as rich as possible um
I'm trying to like I'm I'm trying to
like have like have like build a family
trying to be content in my lifestyle and
my family and those sort of things and I
would like to do that in a way that
allows me to pursue that so um so the
the three points of success so basically
my my tedex talk was okay so that
actually is probably longer than the
actual intro in my tedex talk but like
the tedex talk was basically like okay
don't think success should be moneyb
based so like I would I would submit
these three things and that is and
specifically I'm thinking business
ownership but I think a lot of these
things do transfer into other areas of
our life so so what does business like
what does success in your business look
like I think it it's at least these
three things uh like are you achieving
the purpose for which your business
exists um so for me I'm a Google ads
agency owner like the purpose for which
my business exists is to provide really
great Google ads services for our
clients
I want to make sure I'm doing that well
so to me like part of the definition of
success is if I'm not doing that well so
even if I'm even if I'm wealthy like
let's say I've lied to a whole lot of
clients I have no idea what I'm doing
but I'm really good at selling and I
actually have a lot of money in the bank
I would suggest that that person is not
actually successful especially longterm
because they're not actually like
achieving their business purpose um and
and I think long term that would that
would show up right enough of those
clients would eventually see like that
that that struggle would be there but in
that way like you're not you're not a
Google ads agency then right um so I
think that's kind of an important aspect
and then and then sustainability I do
think is part of that so I knowe like
money is not everything for success but
money is not nothing the double negative
there uh like you do need some form of
like profitability and that and like
that so so like that does need to be
part of it but not just profitability
even just sustainability in other ways
too like a business business needs to
needs to think of ways that especially
in its local community and its local
context what are ways that your business
could fail and how do you guard against
that so that's kind of looking at Yeah
we actually do need to make sure our
business is is like is is financially
tenable and is able to do that too right
so I do think that's a mark of success
and then um and then the third one was
does your business as a business owner
does it does it allow you to does it
allow you to pursue your own mental
wellness and then I I tacked in those um
like employees and and employees and
even family members around because a lot
of times what I've I've heard over the
years for business owners is just kind
of this like yeah well you know I I
powered through for you know 20 years
and just sacrificed everything my family
everything um Just So eventually I could
I could have that payday you know I mean
you're not guaranteed that you'll even
make it to retirement right but um at at
what cost did you sacrifice all like
your own health that could be physical
health that could be mental health um
you know there's just there's a whole
lot of aspects around that because if
you talk to the majority of people over
the age of 60 this is very anecdotal but
if you talk to the majority of people
over the age of 60 a huge part of what
they talk about is is their family and
relationships and a lot of times there's
regret or or there's like there's
happiness where they look at that
because as you get older you just start
to as as like your time begins to shrink
with what you have left you do start to
think through like what's actually
important right and so I just I just
kind of tied all that in I had I had
some different stories and stuff
especially like my grandpa was a crucial
part of my of my kind of thinking with
that and just tied in some of that stuff
just to point people to hey pursue those
three things rather than scaling your
business as aggressively as possible
yeah and and I think then you're
successful so and um so could you maybe
talk about that about your your
grandfather because that sounds like
that is one of the most if you want to
at least that sounds like that is one of
the most important pieces here um
because I'm actually curious where where
this came from for you because it sounds
like this is something that you have
been thinking about and observing uh
from the start of your career as I as I
hear it from you now um and I I think
from what I know about you now since
we've uh spoken a couple of times you
seem to me like you're a really
observant type of guy and and analytical
and and you oversee things uh on the
philosophical side um but what is that
um yeah where where does that come from
you know um uh and and maybe like that
story with your with your grandfather
because I'm really curious like is that
something that was already there from
the start or is it something that
developed over time uh what is that for
you I was laughing when you said that
because this is on my desk so one of my
employees as a kind of as a funny gift
got this for me and it's it's this
little plaque that says the boss which
is kind of funny because that's not
really how we roll but says the boss
Chief ponderer and overthinker
there you go um that yes it's a joke
because it can get in the way of us
sometimes where it's like all right Kirk
let's let's make a decision and stop
thinking right um yeah I mean I I think
as with all of us there's going to be a
whole lot of
influences that that event like
eventually you find yourself looking
back on this path that you're on and
you're like whoa how'd I get there more
often than not it's not one or two
things right it's just it's just a whole
lot of little things that that kind of
guide you along these Paths of life and
um so for me like probably probably the
top ones would be um like I'm trying to
think it's interesting I don't know if
I've ever really thought specifically
about that but probably some of the top
ones would be like my
location uh yeah my location my lack of
experience my faith my family that that
sort of thing those kind of all Impact
this so location this is kind of
interesting because I am I am a Midwest
us guy through and through I mean that's
I've lived all my life in the midwest
aside from moving to Montana about 10
years ago which kind of is almost like
the Midwest West because basically
everyone who lives in Montana moved here
from the Midwest so um so the Montana is
midwesterners who want less people
around that's basically Montana and uh
and so so some of that is and then so my
Grandpa would be a part of that like my
parents all that we come like I grew up
in a small town so I think there's this
aspect of of small
town small town local community that um
a lot of times especially young people
can want to flee and as because they
want the excitement of the bigger city
that sort of thing and there's some
something interesting about the local
community that that is really there's a
lot of healthy aspects of that and so I
think there's just some where I'm I was
aware of that like it was maybe ingrain
in me more than I realized and just like
like like some examples would be things
like um you know back especially back in
the day when things were just not so um
commoditized and just spread everywhere
right when it was when it wasn't just
the case where like you could buy an
avocado during the winter because like
yeah they ship avocados from somewhere
in the world that grows them I don't
even know where right that's just not
the way the world used to work and so
you were far more dependent on your
local community and your neighbors for
your actual life it wasn't just like
venience thing it was like you knew that
you had to interact well with that guy
over there because when your ky's got
out he was going to come help you mend
your fence and you were going to go help
him mend his fence or you know whatever
it might be and you would be interacting
with each other your kids were in school
that sort of thing and I think there's
something about a local community that
Fosters that that I think has been lost
so I think there's some level of kind of
being and and so especially in those
sort of communities you see a lot of I
don't know how to say it you see just a
lot of like like contentment and peace
not always okay so I'm I'm painting in
Broad brush I'm painting in Broad brush
but a lot of times like people are you
know that's why a lot of times like
small small communities small towns are
often seen as boring for you know young
people who want excitement want stuff
that's because over time like there's
it's kind of like that's that's not a
that's not a bug that's a feature right
of that is there's this l where people
have realized man I can I can sit around
drink tea on my porch watch this Sunset
and like that's a that's a pretty
relaxing way to live my life and even if
I don't have as much money as if I moved
to the city over there but then I'd be
dealing with the hustle and bustle and
the traffic and the stress and the
burnout right and so I think that all
that to say I think there's pros and
cons of everything but all that to say
that's some of probably the influence is
like I actually grew up in that so I
experienced that and felt that a little
bit and then kind of Shifting more into
to that busyness mindset and kind of
always in the back of my mind having
this level of like almost this like semi
yearning for that mentality I think is
is part of that um so that's that's part
of it I I think I think my faith Works
into that like how I view the world how
I view you know I think I I do I do
think that there is a God who has
created all of us right that we that we
have a relationship we have to figure
that out and that does influence
specifically the way I interact with
other people um and like that's not just
a throwaway phrase there some level
where if I if I think like if Jesus
tells me hey do do unto others as you
would have them do unto you like treat
like treat miles like I would want miles
to treat me right pretty practical lot a
lot of religions have that sort of
mentality right um but like that's that
weighs into as I'm thinking hey how
should I build my business because then
I'm thinking specifically how like my I
just had a client I'm not making this up
I just had a client emailed me this
morning and say hey we're we're
struggling a little bit with our our
finance stuff right now we're just in
this tough week as we I I think like
buying stuff for Black Friday that sort
of thing can you push like can you push
our our
fee uh their fee is due today like can
you push that back you know till Friday
I like I I me hesitate absolutely no
problem sure you know like kind of one
of those things of just like yeah why
why wouldn't I right um that's what I
would want to be treated where I in that
circumstance so I think it's just the
way that I think I do try to act that
way towards my clients like how would I
want an agency to manage my ad campaigns
and then same with my employees and and
I will say and this is where it starts
to get into the Practical stuff is like
that has limited our growth absolutely
that mindset has limited our growth
because I do try to be fairly generous
with how I act towards our employees and
clients and absolutely that's limited
our ability to be quite as profitable as
we could and like and take on that next
employee or something like that because
I'm I'm a little bit more risk averse
because of that um because hey I I
wouldn't want to be laid off because my
boss you know made maybe a a decision
that was a little bit more growth
focused and it ended up not working out
so I'd like to be a little more careful
with saving things like that I I'll I'll
stop talking and let you get another
question but I think all of that is part
of what weighs into into this and then
finally maybe the third quick puzzle
piece too would be just witnessing
agency burnout because I was not part of
an agency um before this I was just
working in-house as a PPC and so then
all of a sudden I start this like
Consulting thing now I'm like hiring
people and again like I I just have no
concept for agencies and as I've gone
over the years I've realized how much of
a known thing agency burnout is and that
kind of goes back to I was saying before
with like employees stuff like that I
think that's part of in increasing where
was just like I think this is just
stupid you know you just have you have
people and not not everyone so I'm
painting broad brush but typically I
think burnout comes from a place and I
do think part of where that place can
come from is an obsession with scaling
so rapidly that you take on clients you
probably shouldn't take on for whatever
reason and then that impacts how the
employees like what they have to deal
with you know what the crap that
sometimes they have to deal with with
these employees stuff like that and and
it's because you're trying to grow but
then like your employees are stressed
burned out that sort of thing I think
all of that was part of this thing of
just like I just don't want to do that
um so there that that's where it came
from yeah that that's great man and uh
yeah keep keep keep going for sure like
I can I can I can listen to this for for
a long time but um yeah so I I totally
agree that agency burnout is is real um
and especially in PPC it's it's all
changing so fast and there's different
reasons why I think people um Can
potentially struggle with uh mental
mental Wellness um and especially now
around Black Friday Friday you know it's
the the busiest part busiest month of
the year if you're in e-commerce um you
know if you're not working with the
right clients they might demand a lot of
you and if there's not enough
communication there that that might
cause issues if you're working at an
agency and your manager is not really
looking out for you there's different
reasons why why you can burn out and I
think that people are not definitely not
talking about this enough especially
from the male perspective I do I do
think that uh women um uh uh often talk
about these things more naturally and
easier but I think especially for men
it's it's definitely and that's also
painting in Broad brush as you said but
um I think um with men um it's so it's
so important to to to always be open and
talk about these things and not just
rough through you know like because at
some point if if you're really like at
your tax at your limit then the burnout
is going to kick in so much harder so I
I think that's really crucial to to to
you know bring awareness to and talk
about and I think your approach to
building your business is already the um
the biggest thing that you can do to
sort of limit that in in in how that
happens for you whether you burnout or
your employee or the people that work uh
work for you work with you in Zet
because if you can U build a a nice
environment where people feel uh
appreciated and and happy to work and
you're working with nice clients then I
think you're already ahead of that
moment where you can really burn out and
burnout can happen in any time any
moment because there's more factors that
play into this than just work absolutely
but I but I do think that um the way
that you're building zet is is a really
healthy environment from what it sounds
like and um could you maybe talk about
uh a bit about um you know the goals
that you set maybe not doesn't
necessarily have to be granular but the
things that you remind yourself of When
You're Building
um when you're building your business
because and here's maybe another sort of
follow-up question do you ever because
it sounds like you have it figured out
like or maybe not that's not the word
not figured out but like you have a good
vision of where you how you want to your
business and life to be but do you ever
feel as though you're a little bit off
the track or you're chasing goals that
you realize all of a sudden like hey
what am I actually doing because you
know that you you mentioned that you're
definitely not into maximizing profit or
Revenue at all cost um but does that do
you keep reminding yourself of that or
is there ever are there ever moments
where you um yeah sort of get off the
track or what do you do in those
instances yes let me yeah let me let me
think of how best to to go to go at that
um you know when I when I think of of
let's say our our goals my goals the
business goals it's funny as even as
you're saying that I was starting to
think at first I thought yeah I don't
really have goals and then I was like
well that's not true because kind of
like what I've already been talking
about in some ways is like a picture of
goals and so maybe maybe like my
goals are not
really they're not really like here's
what I'm trying to do with my agency
so um yeah you know I you know my
objective is to be at eight figures in
five years and then you know whatever um
so so many times those are what we hear
we think of goals which again again tend
to be monetary based right I almost
think that my goals are
like life goals and character goals and
philosophy goals right kind of going
back to what I was talking about before
I mean I I look at so well I forgot to
mention like I I have a family so I have
six kids right there's eight people in
my there's seven other people in my life
that I that I need to invest in and so
again like that's not everyone and that
means people who don't have that have an
advantage in business over me truly
enough um and I'm okay with that because
again like my goal isn't primar my life
goal isn't primarily to make zet turn
into some large
thing like a a part of my life goal is
to like build into my kids and make sure
that I'm investing time with with my
wife and and you know investing time in
my marriage and know stuff like that
right and
so those sort of things and then and
then just character goals right like I'm
I'm trying to become a better person I'm
like I I I'm in ther I'm in active
therapy I'm I read books all the time on
like emotional intelligence and like
growing that sort of thing you know
processing things like probably like all
of us should do like here's things I
have in my childhood how do that work
into what I do how do I need to kind of
change how I think right that's just
like that like that's not really unique
to me even though some of my things like
I have I have OCD right some of those
things might be unique to me um but
everyone has their unique things and so
to me I look at all of that and say like
that's that's what I'm trying to do I'm
trying to be a better person I'm trying
to spend time with my family I'm trying
to like make sure that my employees are
able to do those things with their their
people I'm trying to make sure that our
like our clients are happy and like I
said that we're achieving our business
purpose if I I want to be true to my
word so if if that means that I need to
keep learning uh if I if that means I
need to keep learning ga4 right so that
we can continue to give excellent PBC
services to our clients like I'm going
to do that right so I think that's where
I look at all of that
stuff and like that's what I'm aiming at
and I think like the business kind of
comes along with that in some ways
um yeah you asked you ask like what do
you do as you you get off uh you know
sometimes off those goals absolutely
there are times where I'm start you know
I'll notice like again for me it's it's
it tends to be more
personal um but yeah there might be like
let's say business related there might
be times where I'm thinking man you know
I I think
that uh demand gen campaigns are coming
out right in Google ads so demand gen
campaigns are coming out and so hey we
we really in like like we really need to
make sure we're keeping up with that so
maybe we need to kind of reset and
rethink as a as a as a company and and
take some specific time next week to
like dig into demand gen together and do
that sort of thing I I don't know that
might have been a bad example but just
trying to stay up more on where where
I'm off on those those personal things
the business things and then adjust as
it as as I go and some of those being on
the character side like like I can I can
tell um and some and this helps to have
like my wife is like very helpful with
feedback right she's she's very willing
to communicate um and and like she she
owns a photography business and so we we
communicate with each other a lot on
this stuff um of just like hey maybe
we're starting to get a little bit too
focused on the business stuff maybe like
next week really we need to pull back
and shift and make sure we're doing some
stuff with the kids um or like or there
will be a time my wife's October is very
photography focused my November is very
zet focused because e-commerce we're
very e-commerce heavy right so we kind
of we kind of know that and we kind of
adjust our active if you will personal
goals around those shifting Seasons as
well together um so I don't yeah yeah
there's I'm not sure that's overly
helpful but do do you uh do you talk
about so you guys you and your wife talk
about that uh frequently um it sounds
sounds to me like you're often taking a
step back to oversee like okay what's
the direction that we're going into and
and where we headed and and what lies
behind us so um I think that's that's
crucial you know that that piece of
communication um you know especially as
you as you start to to have if you have
a family or you start to start to build
one
um
so you know I can imagine that at this
point since you're in business for for
such a long time that it becomes second
nature but do you do you have any
systems in place to help you remind you
of those of those things that are
important to you or or is it all in your
in your in your head at this point or
what does that look like for
you I I don't think I'm very good at the
goal um at that I don't think I'm great
at at systems for hey let's let's
remember to
keep yeah to get what what you said
before um about what you do I'm like man
I should I should probably do something
like that like your life audit right
maybe a helpful time is um New Year's
right A lot of times New Year's
resolutions get this negative hit but I
think kind of like what we're talking
about rather than look at resolutions as
here are all these promises I'm going to
break to myself maybe that's a great
time for us just naturally as a people
to be like hey let's just let's just
revisit like where was my focus this
year what what do I want to do like
where where am I in life like let me be
present right now that's a big part of
it like let me be very present right now
the more that I I just sit and I'm
present and realize I think that that
helps me very much clarify exactly
what's important to me right now and
what I need to be doing and so sometimes
that might be as simple as like
literally taking a day off so that you
can actually so that you can actually
mentally relax and maybe maybe be a
little bit more uh focused so I have uh
I have a team member here um Eric he's
one of our he he's kind of the director
of PBC that is directly over our account
managers he and I sometimes will go on
like we'll go on like a a 14 mile hike
on the mountains and just like and and
just talk about more of the general like
business goal stuff like that and we
don't like there's usually like three
things I'll write down that I want to
chat with but it's kind of one of those
like wherever the conversation takes us
and I every single time we come back
there's just some clarity of something
bigger Maybe
in the business that hadn't thought of
before right um we have mental health
days for our employees for something
similar um so every month this is in
addition to PTO and all that stuff like
every month we have what's PTO yeah oh
sorry paid time off oh okay okay okay
okay yeah yeah got it yeah I'm glad I'm
glad you asked yeah yeah and it is funny
like yeah everywhere in the US does does
paid time off better or I'm sorry
everywhere in the world does paid time
off better yeah yeah
um but one of the ways I try to combat
that as a US business owner is to
actively work in at least another 12
days a year where it's kind of this like
I kind of tell them like it's kind of
this
forced like I forced them to be mentally
relaxed and what I mean by that
is like this is as if you're coming you
know this is as if you're sitting down
at your desk in your house or coming
into the office where it's a work day
you know like this is not the to to you
know to go and get all those errands off
that you know whatever that you want to
do this is a work day which means
whatever will make you mentally healthy
like whatever will de-stress you just a
little bit whatever that might be that's
what you should do today and so some
people some people actually some people
do get some of those errands done
because they're like like they they have
this weight lifted you know like got the
laundry like yeah like watch some TV
while I got the laundry Dawn man that's
like that is literally the best gift
they could get or some they just go sit
in the coffee shop and read a book so uh
I have you know one of the guys I think
he went on like a 20 mile run in the
mountains it was like all right you do
you um but again yeah so so all that to
say I think there are probably ways that
you can plan in some of those things
into your organization for even your
employees to do too um so that that'll
help them uh because that's just going
to help your organization for everyone
to to have a better focus of what their
character and and purposes and that um
but but yeah some some of those things
for me so yeah I I that's the the
probably the number one Golden Nugget
that I got from that from that book is
that mental health day which I think is
so crucial and I've everybody that I
talk about you know when I when I
mention hey you should read this book
that's usually the number one thing that
I explain because it's so yeah it is it
is really unique man like um uh I don't
know how what what's the average amount
amount of pay time off pay days off that
you get in the US let's say what's
average 15 or so per year 10 I don't
know probably probably get a little
tricky because you have like some
holidays and things like that too that
work yeah but that's still like in a
Netherlands I think it's around anywhere
between 25 and 30 per year is is is
normal um I think the legal minimum is
like 20 or so but usually it's like 25
to 30 and then there's the public
holidays as well on top of that um but I
always remember that in the US it's so
much more hardcore um so if you offer
your uh employees one day off per month
to do to focus on Mental Health that's
it is really huge um and I can imagine
that's also one of the reasons why
people uh tend to stay with you for a
long time because you know that would
signal to me that you as my employer are
really looking out for me because you
don't have to do that you don't have to
give them that day um but that is
beneficial for for that person is
beneficial for zet uh for for for the
whole ecosystem so yeah that's that
that's really unique and I don't think
you should underestimate what how how
big it is that you're that you're doing
that especially since you're from the US
where it's so where it is so so hard
core on the you know on the grind and
and stuff like that so um yeah that's
that's probably the number one thing
that I remembered um but um so here's a
a question so I I I I can understand
that some people
uh they might think to themselves like
yeah okay Kirk you've built this nice
agency Z it's a fits well within your
life and your goals yada yada yada um
but for you is it's easy but we're just
launching and we we need to get money in
order to survive um what what can you
generally say to people in those um yeah
in those
situations yeah so I I referenced this
in my tedex talk um no so that's that's
where
I think my three principles of success
still hold up so are you achieving your
business purpose are you sustainable are
you free to pursue mental Wellness one
of the things I knowe almost this caveat
um is I I don't think this means they
they um are not going to be times I I
just I I have a bad habit of using
double negatives um I do think there are
times I do think there are times
especially early on in a business where
you know pushing through in a Sprint is
is going to be important is just
something that has to be done right I
and actually in my tedex talk I shared
an example of a time in my life and in
my business where things were just
really hard and I just kind of had to
show up to the office and grind but I
think it's really important to see those
as the exceptions rather than the rule
um and you know so it might be kind of
one of these like and and maybe that's
part of what you do where like we're
counting the costs right where you look
at something you're like hey if you know
we've done some projections like this
fits you know this fits into everything
of of what we're talking about I think
if we if we put a year into this we
really work hard we're really you know
we're excited I I remember the early
days of business like it was mentally
healthy for me to like to to work long
hours and write blog posts that I was
excited about I I get it like that's so
again like I think it's really important
to to to note that stuff and that that's
also why I try not to put my own stuff
too much into those three business
success
principles um because we're all going to
be different we all have you know
different levels of bandwidth and all
that stuff but I but I really do think
that it's important to look long like to
be able to look past that long term and
say okay if we power through and do this
for a year or six months or whatever um
the problem is is what what happens if
you start like making those sacrifices
on your health than your time and your
family and stuff for three years for
five years right I think that's where
you you might need to kind of start
thinking that but even then even then
like the the free to pursue ment uh free
to pursue
Wellness um I think I think I said
mental Wellness before and I just meant
like wellness because I think that
includes like physical and spiritual and
and mental and all that stuff right
Community um I I I do think that it's
still really important to work that into
the equation as you're considering ing
whatever X move would be and that's like
if your if your physical body and your
mental body and your family if
everything is going to take a hit for
like an entire
year is is starting that business truly
like truly worth that
cost um or or or is there another way
like like what are and this is where to
me it's just one of those like let's
stop assuming that it is and let's start
getting because people are amazing and
creative and Innovative so like what are
some other ways that we could do that
and and again like I would be very
surprised if one of the ways isn't to
back off of those projections maybe not
take that outside funding where all that
pressure is coming from because if you
actually start look gosh maybe the
pressure on you to sacrifice all that
stuff maybe that's from the outside
funding and it's not actually what
you're interested in doing because you
could grow your business you know to
200,000 the first year instead of A
Million by not doing that outside
funding and you've done this cool
bootstrap thing you had the time to
spend with your family you're still
figuring it out and it's slower than you
wanted but also like you're still living
your life and you're still building a
thing you just you just haven't scaled
up dramatically which by the way as soon
as you start taking outside funding
you're starting like the amount of money
you're getting from that actually starts
to decrease so much too you know talk to
owners who have talk to people Founders
who have sold especially those who have
given away a lot and by the time they
actually get their payday sometimes it's
pretty shocking how little they actually
get for the amount of sacrifice they and
everyone else put in right rather than
if they just slowed it down and
bootstrapped it the whole way right so I
don't know I think I think there's just
a lot to think about there but I'm not
saying I think that I think it's helpful
to clarify those things like I'm not
saying that you'll never have to work
hard or long hours ever um I just think
it's it's you just weigh the costs and
and sure that that's an exception rather
than a rule thing um I'm also not saying
that you could you should never grow um
I don't I don't think that's true I
think it's more of this like this kind
of scaling rapidly at the expense of
everything in you and around you and
everything that that seems to be almost
this accepted cultural thing
increasingly that I just I just I just
disagree with yeah and then it comes
down to what's important to you as as a
person because I know do you know who
Alex Orosi is yeah yeah so um you know I
can imagine that when I look at his
content um I love I love what he's doing
and uh and and he's has a lot of good
things to share but he also says that he
loves to just work all day every day and
he met his wife um and they they married
with like sort of they they discussed
together like yeah we want to build this
big business together so they're in it
for the business so you know I can
imagine when people look at him they're
like yeah Al work hard and I and I grind
and and and all that stuff and for him
that's perfect because that's exactly
what he wants um but I think that as you
look at it for yourself for a lot of
people um that might cause additional
stress because you think like oh man I I
wish I was able to work 14 hours per day
six days per week but I can't and that's
giving me additional stress so then it
comes back to you know what fits you and
your and your personal goals and I think
then you need to constantly remind
yourself of
um you know what you want to get out of
life and what your own limitations are
and uh I know for a fact he doesn't have
kids so it's different than for example
you if you have six kids it's it's a
totally different different scenario um
the only thing I'll know like yeah I
agree I agree in large part but then the
only thing I'll note on that is I think
that
sometimes so I I just I just listen to a
podcast episode called if the podcast is
if book could kill I don't know if
you've ever heard of it but um it's it's
two it's two people they're they're
pretty funny they talk about like
popular airport type books and they kind
of go through them and like kind of tear
them apart right um and uh you know
probably not everything they say is
accurate but they have a lot of good
good things that they're questioning
these books one of the ones they looked
at was Tim Ferris is four-hour work week
and to me to to me T Tim Ferris is like
U like Alex that you mentioned in terms
of you know know back in the day Tim was
like the guy everyone wanted to build
the business like Tim the four-hour work
week and he's talking about like
grinding and doing all this stuff so
that so that you have the freedom to to
this is what they were joking about so
that you have freedom to like hire cheap
labor that they'll grind so that you
don't have to um that seems to be one of
the tenants ofs but anyways what they're
laughing about is like since then you
know years later whatever he's like he's
he's basically been like yeah I burned
out and like he's like yeah I burned out
and now he's like you know talks about
um almost like I hate to say it like
this I I don't know this too well so I'm
not trying to knock the guy but it's
almost like now you know he was a guru
of like burnout and now he's like a guru
of like health and wellness and stuff
like that and it was almost like man
maybe you should have had a little bit
of the health and wellness stuff in the
beginning part so that's the only that's
the only concern I have is sometimes
people are like oh yeah no I I get it
Kirk but I'm super excited I'm pumped
and like we're gonna go and we're g to
build this thing because that's what I'm
excited about you're like yeah you
actually might be burning yourself out
now without realizing it yeah so you
actually maybe still need to be a little
careful of that because I W like got I'm
almost willing to bet like 20 bucks that
in five years you know ramosi is you
know now talking about burnout culture
and how he did that b burnout culture
yeah it could could very well be anyways
I don't know that yeah no I I think you
you know everybody has their own limits
and sometimes you have to
discover what those limits are you can
only discover by going over those limits
and then you're in retrospect you're
like oh maybe I should have done that a
bit differently now I'm GNA you know be
a bit more nuanced in how I how I talk
about certain certain things um so um
how how important are um and this is
this is probably the last like bigger
thing that we can we can talk about for
the next five six minutes or so is how
important are the your the ideal clients
for you because if you look at your your
agency you want to build it in a
specific way and you do value mental
Wellness or Wellness in general how
important is the your ideal client type
and what do you do to make sure or or at
least increase the chances that you hire
the right clients instead of the wrong
ones so I think that's incredibly
important for people and it also goes
back to the example of yeah but I I need
I need money to grow I I need money to
survive blah blah blah I I do think that
people especially in bpc if you get a
lead everybody's just happy that they
got a new client whereas you know you
should probably be a bit more strict in
who you work with and and if it's an if
it's a match so I'm just curious like
what what's your approach to
that yes I I'm so glad you brought this
up because actually I was I was thinking
about this earlier with even in the
goals part of it it didn't quite fit
there but it kind of did um and so I'm
really glad we're we're talking about
that because I think this is such a
crucial part to all this um
so and the reason I say that is because
you know what you asked before is well
how do you you know sometimes do you get
off your goals that sort of thing and
and what i' had forgotten to note is
every once in a while yes when we when
we take on a client we shouldn't have
taken on and that is actually always
this like reminder of um of that like
it's it's almost this it like reminds us
to to to reflect on what are we trying
to do and then how do how do we get back
to that so anyways yeah as we as we just
kind of think about clients I think this
is such a crucial part at least for
service businesses and the way we look
at
it
is we we have certain things that I
would say are like these core boundaries
where we we I would I would rather shut
the business down than than deal with
certain client situations and so that
really helps that's going to be
different for me than it is for other
people but I think it's really helpful
to kind of start to determine like what
are those boundaries for you and then
what is what is some of the other stuff
where it's like preferences or like this
is how you would like to do it but then
in tough times maybe maybe you sacrifice
from those some of those other things
because when the tough times come and
this is I think where it's really
important when those when the tough
times come I still think that you have
you have to stick to those core
boundaries otherwise then that's where
all of the other stuff like the burnout
and the you know all of that other stuff
that you that you started the business
to get away from the first place or
whatever your goals are once those are
starting to be sacrificed like you're
not achieving that purpose so why are
you doing that so so navigating those
core boundaries so um we just as an
agency between like 2023 2023 we're all
going to look back on
2023 in like years as kind of the year
that we all knew as we look back of 2020
Vision that like it just decimated
marketing agencies but like we're in it
right now and there's still not a ton of
people talking about it I just saw ran
fishkin post a little video last week
about this which was super interesting
um 2023 so we and so this is like as I
talked to friends who are business
agency owners you know large agencies
small agencies large agencies tended to
tended just to lay off people small
agencies midsize agencies either laid
off or
closed um there was just a diff it's
it's been overall fairly difficult
overall in the economic um framework as
it gets to large as it gets to agencies
we lost 43% of our Revenue in July and
August of this year um we like so part
of and this is part of how I try to run
the business try to have money in the
bank for difficult times try to just
have have some ability to be able to
navigate difficult times and yet you
know when you lose almost half of your
Revenue there's some level of like okay
H how long can we do this right yeah um
we have in the last like I should look
just to see I think in the last 35 to 40
days now from time of recording this
we've
gained probably 60% of our Revenue we've
grown because we needed to replace
basically all of that and then we all
actually landed a few more clients on
top of that as well we're not a large
agency um so so all that to say some of
that the reason I say that is just like
we literally just came out of a time
where I was asking these questions in
very very real time so this is not this
is not ideology here this is I'm having
these internal conversations a month ago
and that is we just get this lead should
should we pursue it or not even though
we're looking at our bank account we're
like I'd really like to pursue this so
we could cover recover some of that loss
Revenue right and to me that's where you
start looking at your core boundaries
and there were times where we where we
looked at someone I said they are they
are the type of client that if we would
land
them I
like they like I again kind of that like
I would rather have us eventually go out
of business than than have them as a
client because of the you know some of
these core boundaries so some of those
for us would be things like like if they
are if they are abusive to our account
account managers verbally you know that
that typically is what you see with
agencies especially distributed so like
especially like verbally we just I just
don't put up with that like if we have
if we have someone like will always
treat you with respect we expect that as
well if we're just in the sales process
and we're just getting like complete
disrespect negativity criticism stuff
like that that's just that's just we're
out you know like it's it's stuff like
that um
so so then we have more of our then on
top of that so we have kind of those
core boundaries that we know and then on
and then on top of that then we have um
more of the this would be
ideal and in tough in more difficult
times we're a little more likely to take
risks on the ideal
boundaries than normal so in a really
awesome time so like right now we're
basically like I said we're we're
basically maxed out a bandwidth at this
point just send a lead this morning just
to letting them know like hey you can
join our weight list but like can't take
you on um when that comes then like we
raise the level of who we want to work
with kind of those boundary filtering we
raise that pretty high where we're just
looking like we just really you know if
we do get to a point where you know we
have some bandwidth that opens up then
we're looking at like we want to find
the client that is just we mesh in in
every possible way
and some of that for us is things like
um how do they view growth long-term
growth are like does their philosophy
align with how we think if someone tells
us we want to grow 200% in the next
three months that's a huge red flag for
us because I don't even think that's
it's typically not even possible but
also like that might not be a great fit
for us um yeah if someone uh I'm trying
to I'm trying think off top of my head
what some of the other the others are
like that um if someone's in an industry
that's not typically one where we have a
lot of experience you know again that
that might be one where we'll we'll just
let them know you know we don't have a
ton of experience in this but we think
we can do well with you if we want to
otherwise we might just you know pass on
them in in a better time things things
like that are more of examples where
we're looking at who will be a great fit
for us and will work well within us
because again that goes into all of the
pH philosophy stuff like the way we do
communication is kind of different part
of AG avoid avoiding agency burnout is
like our our team basically doesn't work
nights and weekends which is is fairly
rare in agency life um and again like
that's typically something that we're
looking for just ensuring that we're
aligned with that if someone wants us to
be on hand 247 that's not going to be a
fit with our our business philosophy I'm
not even saying that's wrong of them to
want that I'm saying I know that we're
not going to be a good because of that
um and so I think those are all ways
that we try to look with so so so all
that to say then as you're building this
business that aligns with who you are
and your goals as you're able to find
that those clients then you can you can
bring in those who are more aligned with
you so that you can continue with your
purpose and goals if you're just
constantly aligning with clients or you
know business partners who are not
aligned with your goals right you're
literally not going in the same
direction and you're going to have
constant frustration as you're doing
that um and the last thing I'll note
because someone might be listening to
this and they're kind of like okay well
gee you know must be nice to be able to
pick the clients you work with right
because again that's where you limit
growth um and to me that's where then
maybe the thing to do on there is just
like we just we just really try to lean
into marketing and sales really well
with content and things like that so
that we have the ability to those leads
and be picky so that's a lot of times
where I've done a ton of work over the
years on that side on content and stuff
like that to build that that inbound
flywheel and actually that's a crucial
part of it like you'll be able to be
more picky on clients if if you have the
leads coming in so yeah yeah and then
that's actually um I think we can we can
go again for another hour in another
episode but that was definitely
something that I also wrote down like uh
we could talk about that in uh in the
future
um about the the impact of your personal
brand on you know being able to build
your your business around your life uh
because I do think I do agree that as
you said um through that you you you are
much more uh able to to say no and
cherry pick between specific clients you
know uh if you have leads coming in
because especially when it's inbound
then people will already uh sort of a
pre-filter because you're not reaching
out to them they're reaching out to you
and you can check them and they already
know that they want to work with you so
they probably know a little bit about
you and your approach to to business uh
so I'm sure that that has a a big impact
on that as well but that's something for
uh for a future episode um I think we
can uh round it off here so uh this was
this was really nice man um like I said
I I really enjoy talking to you about
these these things and uh I don't think
we spoke much about PPC once again and I
think that's that's actually really cool
because um these are these are really
important topics U for people at
agencies Freelancers inous as well if
you're just in your career it doesn't
really matter you always have to be
centered around um you know what you
want uh take from life and and and what
you want to give to people um so uh yeah
the last note is um maybe what's next
for you and uh how can people connect
with
you yeah uh what's next um for the most
part just doing the same old like just
just keeping on doing what I'm doing
however one thing so every every year
I've been trying to do some like major
content thing yeah so it's either a
course I put out or a book or you know
this this past year was tedex that was
actually a ton of work um next year my
goal is to uh to totally overhaul my PBC
ponderings book and do like a revised a
revised version of that there's just
there's just stuff in there that's
outdated even though it's I mean it's
four years old um which in PBC world is
pretty old so I just I just want to go
through that and totally overhaul it
maybe maybe take out a chapter maybe add
a chapter you know rewrite stuff so that
that's probably going to be my big
project this coming year is is try to
really update that and get that back
into 2024 mode so um as far as online
where to find me I'm PBC Kirk pretty
much everywhere um and uh Z zet zatto
zet is my business zet marketing.com so
all right great well thanks Kirk and
thanks everyone for listening and we'll
catch you on the next
episode thank you